# Feedback

## Project Workflow

**Does not meet expectations**

Many of your user stories are good, but your app is lacking any wireframes/ERDs,
and the readme is very small.

Also, your repo only has 6 commits... what happened there? It's really important
to give meaningful messages to commits, and to commit often.

As you identified, it seems like you spent too much time on one feature,
at the cost of many other features you could have implemented in that time. In
that situation, I would have used styles (width, and CSS clipping) to quickly
get 90% of the effect of image cropping, and moved on, coming back to cropping
later.

I feel like some of these issues could have been addressed had you been
more proactive in reaching out for help. I think had you scheduled your second
one on one with me, as required, we could have made a lot of progress with some
of your issues. (Even over google hangouts).

## Technical Requirements

**Meets Expectations**

I marked this as meets expectations, but only just so. You have two models, and
one association, so it's clear that you get the fundamentals here, but I would
have liked to see more. Also, it appears that you used a scaffold generator for
your comics resource. That's not bad in and of itself, but the scaffold
generator produces extra code that doesn't make sense for your app, and makes
it hard for me to assess your understanding if you didn't write all the code
yourself.

## Creativity / Interface

**Meet expectations**

I appreciate that you used bootstrap to get something looking fine quickly, but
I'd like to see demonstration of your own ability to write CSS (you only have
~5 lines).

There are also cases of using tables for layout, and generally difficult-to-read
views due to deeply nested divs with complex, non-semantic bootstrap selectors.

## Code Quality

**Can't assess**

To be honest, I cannot evaluate your code quality well enough to say. I say this
because there's very little code outside the views that is clearly written by
you. The comics controller seems to be 90% generated by `rails g scaffold`, and
the models don't contain any 'custom' code outside of associations and devise.

## Deployment and Functionality

**Meets Expectations**

I had no problems using your app on heroku, so good job there! That said, I'd
definitely like to see more basic functionality here, such as adding issues,
before trying to tackle anything advanced like paperclip.
